four teams that way at the top last foot
like osteo and echo fox we really need
to get our together
well it's the end of the first day of
week six of the NLCS I'm joined right
now by Cody Sun himself talk a little
bit about hundred teams incredibly long
game we were talking about this with
coverage of course brought to you by
Omni slash so Cody why did that game go
so long why weren't you guys able to
close it out faster so I think we
purposefully like tracked out the game
too long like to a pretty long time so
we could like practice you know
late-game team fighting and
decision-making because if you guys
remember like when we like kill we like
a stem and then we went for the end we
took two Nexus turrets and then you know
Zach said just back because we had to
keep practicing so turns it into a screw
yeah pretty much
very good well you got to practice in
what do you feel like you learned I
think we learned that you know late game
if they out Rangers with Ezreal then we
can't actually win the game so we have
to be really creative and like trying to
win and then eventually I think yeah one
of the one of their members just like
killed himself and then were able to in
that way how's things been going with
hunter D since the roster change in your
opinion um I think right now or for the
past week we still had the honeymoon
phase so I'm sure has been going pretty
smoothly and pretty well but I think
definitely with the addition of and uh
set of meteos we have different like
strings and cons as well so I think
we're all just adapting to this kind of
new new face that we have for our team
and what do you think of the current
state of the NLCS because it been tying
a lot of different people about this it
definitely feels like it just if
everything feels so coin-flipping right
like all right it's hard to tell when
the good teams are good and when the bad
teams are bad yeah I mean even when you
saw us like play against fly quests last
week
we were supposed to win that game and we
yeah we it was like pretty convincing
win for us
until we ended up throwing so I think
for other teams as well if you
yeah like today when TL for such a jest
the early game was just like horrendous
right at 40 L and G just like still
through that game so I think once the
teams are able to I guess really find
that like cohesion then yeah teams
wouldn't be throwing as much anymore do
you do you think that any like it's hard
for me because I think some teams should
be pretty happy tums
some teams should be pretty worried and
oftentimes these teams are in the same
place right in the standings it's kind
of this weird situation what do you
think do you think team any team should
feel good any team should feel bad like
generally speaking how do you feel like
the team should feel at the moment
um I think teams that were previously in
the lower parts of the standings like
last split where I think last split
there wasn't as much throws but yeah
display with all the changing meta and
the roster switches and everything some
pretty chaotic so we got teams like ggs
and flag oh it's like getting a lot of
upset wins so I think those teams should
be pretty happy with where they are and
yeah now they can potentially already
have like way higher chance to make
playoffs and do well at playoffs even so
for teams that we're at the top last
feel like us TL and echo Fox we really
need to get our together so yeah we
can like go for the top Topsy's for
going to Worlds did you watch the
continent TSM Kim yeah
sneaky pulled out the Quinn which liked
it pretty poorly in Lane but ended up
making up for it later so it's very
interesting what what do you think of
the state of TSM c9 because you
mentioned the reason I asked is you said
you echovox Team Liquid like the team's
that did really well but a lot of fans
have expectations that they see c9 + TSM
are worlds what do you think of their
strengths right now do you think either
of them can go um I think you know since
they have such a long history of going
to make no worlds and always making the
playoffs and doing really well
right now in the current standings it
seems more unlikely that they will like
have that run type of run so it just
seems like TSM I don't know they lost
trust in each other or something like
that and they it just feels like they're
not playing as a team at all and for c9
their roster is pretty new I would say
so they I think they lacked experience
but I think I'll probably be more scared
of c9 than TSM right now because of c9
potential to like get a really good
early game you when you watch TSM you
just feel like they don't have any team
coordination yeah it feels like it yeah
it feels like they just play really
passively and it's fine to play
passively if you feel like where you
like where the better team for macro and
mid to late game we can just win which
sometimes we do that but if like that
doesn't really happen then that makes it
worse I feel like so I think if TSM
wants to like try to make a comeback in
this split they should try like to play
a better early game or something like
that we're good anything that you want
to say tuning the fans out there thanks
for supporting me thanks for supporting
a hundred thieves and you know I know
that we have a new jungler and my
friends so hopefully you guys can give
them some support and some time as we
you know find our play style and we're
gonna try really hard to win the split
and do all our worlds we're good well
thank you so much for the interview Cody
congratulations on the win just now for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things he sports
right here on my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him in doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him